---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dyn_dsf_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-dyn"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dyn_dsf_monitor (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dyn_dsf_monitor" "monitor" {
  label          = "my-monitor"
  protocol       = "HTTP"
  response_count = 1
  probe_interval = 60
  retries        = 1
  active         = true

  options {
    timeout = 2
    port    = 80
    path    = "/check"
    host    = "check.test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **label** (String) A label to identify the Monitor
- **probe_interval** (Number) How often to run the monitor. Must be twice the TTL setting.
Valid values:
  * 60 – Every minute
  * 300 – Every 5 minutes
  * 600 – Every 10 minutes
  * 900 – Every 15 minutes
- **protocol** (String) The protocol to monitor
Valid values:
  * HTTP
  * HTTPS
  * PING
  * SMTP
  * TCP
- **response_count** (Number) Minimum required ‘up’ agent responses to report response pool host as ‘up’. If ‘up’ responses are less than the minimum, host is set to failover.

Valid values: 0, 1, 2 or 3.
- **retries** (Number) How many retries the monitor should attempt on failure before giving up.
Valid values:
  * 0
  * 1
  * 2

### Optional

- **active** (Boolean) Indicates if the Monitor is active
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **options** (Block List, Max: 1) Options that pertain to the Monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options))

<a id="nestedblock--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- **expected** (String) Designate the data expected in the protocol response while monitoring the host in the pool. Maximum length: 255 bytes. Exceeding the maximum size will result in an ‘Invalid_Data’ error at run time with the message ‘Too long’. Field is case-sensitive. Exact string match required to return ‘up’ status. For HTTP(S) probes, a case sensitive sub-string to search for in the response. For SMTP probes, a string to compare the banner against. Not used for PING, or TCP protocols.
- **header** (String) For HTTP(S) probes, additional header fields/values to pass in, separated by the newline character (\n).
See [Configuring Monitor Headers](https://help.dyn.com/configuring-monitor-headers/) for more information on using custom headers and macros in your endpoint monitoring.
- **host** (String) For HTTP(S) probes, a value to pass in to the Host: header.
- **path** (String) For HTTP(S) probes, a specific path to request. Designate a path other than the root to be monitored. Paths should be supplied as a relative path to the root ‘/’ directory of the website.
- **port** (Number) For HTTP(S)/SMTP/TCP probes, an alternate connection port. Leaving the field blank means it will monitor the default port (80 for HTTP and TCP, 443 for HTTPS, and 25 for SMTP)
- **timeout** (Number) Time (in seconds) before the connection attempt times out


